Heatmap polish (#426)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: 03-rnaseq/clustering_rnaseq_01_heatmap.Rmd

# Read in data TSV file
expression_df <- readr::read_tsv(data_file) %>%

>   # Here we are going to store the gene IDs as rownames so that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Here we are going to store the gene IDs as row names so that
```

Author: This is a style choice that I left because it is this way in many other places in the repo... we could change them all, but I don't want to change it piecemeal.

Reviewer: I've been trying to change them whenever I see them, so I think its inconsistent at best. But I can file a separate search and replace type PR.

Author: I can add in most of them here.

For more information about these transformation methods, [see here](https://alexslemonade.github.io/refinebio-examples/03-rnaseq/00-intro-to-rnaseq.html#deseq2-transformation-methods). 

```{r}
# Normalize the data in the `DESeqDataSet` object
# using the `rlog()` function from the `DESEq2` R package
dds_norm <- rlog(dds)
```

## Choose genes of interest

> Although you may want to create a heatmap including all of the genes in the dataset, this can produce a very large image that is hard to interpret.Alternatively, the heatmap could be created using only genes of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you may want to create a heatmap including all of the genes in the dataset, this can produce a very large image that is hard to interpret. 
Alternatively, the heatmap could be created using only genes of interest.
```
